Does what it says it does 💯!   Nice shaker.  Will be getting more

Exactly what I was looking for thanks

Works great!

Great I love it

I use this cup to blend protein powder and my super green powder. It blends very well. It doesn't leave clumps. I like that it will stop blending after mixing. It's rechargeable which is a big plus

Nice i like it

Nice i like it

Works great love it!

Really good product. Seems like it will last a while, I’ve had it for a week now and use it at least twice a day. Still on the first charge too.

really thought it wasnt going to work and there would still be chunks of my protein powder but this worked insanely well

also looks great

Best investment I’ve probably ever made. Protein shakes taste 200x better

Highly recommend makes my protein shakes so much easier , I bought two the orange and black and green and black both are top notch . High quality shaker worth every penny grab one you won’t be disappointed!

Have a a gift.  Said it works great

Perfect and super easy to clean with is a huge plus and super fast shipping will be recommending to all my friends

Good

Works great for my protein shakes! Easy to use and mixes like champ

Me encanto

Product quality: Love the color love the performance. I just got my new protein powder put a little bit of water and it did great it was nice and smooth. It mixed it The protein powder perfectly. I highly recommend this to anybody that doesn’t like shaking a shaker bottle. This is way easier and better mixing

Love that it automatically shuts off when I need it too, definitely would buy in purple if they had it *hint hint*

I’ve had many shaker bottles over the years but this one takes the win! So sleek and nice. The mixing is great too. And the lights are an added delight!

Works great. Well worth the money.

Love it

Works Great

Fantastic product at the right price.  I just ordered a 2nd one because I liked my 1st one so much.  Must have.  Available in my shop.

Bueno

Works great!

Me encanta

Great shaker, great quality, easily cleanable, and easy charge system. Would highly recommend to anyone that works out!!

I really like it and going to by another one

fast shipping amazing quality!

Es muy buena calidad de productos

Works amazing

Great product

Bought this for my gymrat son. He was very happy with it.

Love it!

Works great. Love it for on the go!!!

Works great

Love love love !

Works amazing

Awesome cup! Works great!

It’s a lot better than what I thought! Absolutely worth the money

Exactly what I was looking for

Absolutely love it!! Makes my protein shakes nice and smooth!!

The bottle I purchased was not what was sent. I was not happy with this purchase but the seller contacted me and then sent out the one I ordered in a hurry.

Love this!!! Works amazing!!

Very nice,  works as it should , very pleased  with it . I use it daily.

Works great

Very impressed with this shaker bottle. Mixes well and easy to clean

It actually works really good and holds a long charge

Absolutely love it, works amazing. Most powerful electric mixer/shaker bottle I have ever used

So far mixes everything i put in it.

Amazing it’s great for shakes or blending eggs

Love it

Best bottle I’ve had for a long time. Love how easy it is to take apart and clean. Will definitely be buying more!

Better and stronger than the last brand I bought

Great

Amazing product!!! I purchased a second one for my wife.

Works as it should.

Gray was nice for my lady and she liked it

Product works great!

Product as described.  They work great!

Finally got one much easier

Nice Color and size.

Awesome!

Perfect. Definitely a lot more powerful than I was expecting it to be for something so inexpensive.

Love the style and works perfectly for protein shakes.

No more chunks in my drinks. Great mixer. Will NOT chop up hard fruits

Works great and battery has lasted the last 3 weeks without needing a charge.

10/10

Worth it

Honestly this is an amazing product. I use it for a real replacement protein and it’s perfect. You can either have it spinning first and then drop the powder or pour powder then turn on. Either way there’s no clumps at all.

Great

Love it no clumps

Works great

I love it

The color is badass the blender is awesome mixes very well
Quality is very good

tem exactly as described

Fast shipping and great product. Highly recommend

Love it

Muy bueno y práctico

Me encantó y tiene mucho poder

Love it works amazing

Great Cup! Mixes great!

works good

This is our 2nd one. The first one was Christmas gift, it got dropped and cracked the cup open. Husband loved this cup so much I had to order another one.

I love my new voltex Electric blender

Works great

Awesome perfect size

A1, highly recommend 👌🏿 
Wait for the sale thou lol

Fast and accurate

Great product!! Battery last. Blends protein powder perfect!

Satisfecho

Great material easy to clean and operate , definitely recommend

Me súper encanto ya fui hacer un video

Love it

These things are amazing! No chunks what so ever. The best part I was unaware of is they recharge!

Works amazing! Worth every penny!

Absolutely love these cups, I’ve bought 2 just because I love them so much

Amazing

This thing is awesome! Blends up so quick, doesn’t leave chunks of protein, blended peanut butter and honey easily! Highly recommend!

Good quality, looks exactly as expected. Works great.

The style is cool I also like the colors available. I enjoy pressing that button the most since it shakes the beverage well!

Product quality: 💯
I will buy more really good stuff 🫡

Super happy with the product. I would definitely order another one!

My bf loved it 🥰

LOVE LOVE LOVE.   It blends beautifully!  I am now getting 46 grams of protein just for breakfast!  The protein shake turns out smooth, not gritty and extremely well blended..

Works very well, nice quality

Really enjoy this cup, it works great and mixes great. I haven’t mixed anything heavy like peanut butter or anything but with the vortex that it creates I wouldn’t be surprised that it would mix it with ease.

Husband is happy with it!

Excelente producto

I was really surprised on it, but they do work really good. I do protein shakes before my workout and they work really good

They actually work really good. I love it.

Works great. My new favorite shaker.

Really cool blender ! I’ve been using it almost everyday ! Just don’t put TOO MUCH protein in at one time 😅

Amazing cup!!

It’s so quiet compared to those shaker bottles!

Love this product. I use it and prefer it over the blender because it’s easier to clean.

I love this cup it’s exactly what’s described on the tik tok shop it charges fast and it does mix the protein powder I have very well

It's amazing I love it. Mixing my protein perfectly

Lo maximo simple i eficaz, compre el ninja y nada que ver mil beces este producto

Good quality. The lid snaps on well. Won’t accidentally spill if you decide to shake.

Very durable and made very well and does exactly its job very well

Love it

Excelente me encantó

Me gusta lo recomiendo

Super!!!!

works great. long as it keeps up its a winner for sure. comes apart so u can clean everything! awesome!!!

Really nice better then others

Works great

Works as advertised, this thing is powerful now my wife wants a pink one

I absolutely love them they are worth the price

10/10

demasiado bueno

Amazing product for gym-goers. Perfectly mixes preworkout and creatine with water, and also perfectly mixes milk with protein powder. I’ve always struggled with my protein shakes being chunky after shaking them up, but there’s no chunks with this bottle

Incredible quality. I wasn’t sure on the actual capabilities, but when I tell you it even mixed my collagen powder, which is known to clump in cold liquid. Top notch.

Works well

Best purchase of my life

It is the best

Love my portable blender! It blends smoothly!!!

Works with gamer supps. It's nice :)
I like this product

I have a lot of different mugs and this is the best by far.

Bought this for my gym rat boyfriend and he loves it and uses it daily!

It doesn’t spill. Mixes fast, not to loud and easy to clean.

Bought my wife and I one and would say that it's a great blender for powered drinks. Mixes very well.

Love this product very easy to make your shakes

Love it

Me encamta

This is great for mixing protein drinks

Great product, will be buying another one.

Me encanta y la batería dura súper bien

Love it mixes well and is very quiet

Great product

Muy buena calidad, lo recomiendo al 100%

Love it❤️

Came quick and works great

Excellent product

Already reviewed this item , I love it's quiet and easy to clean

1 of my favorite items I purchased on tik tok. I have purchased 2 more  , 1 as a gift other as a back up. Great for protein shakes, u can add collegan,  chia seeds  and helps seeds. I love how smooth it makes the shake.

I love everything about it. The appearance and the performance does not disappoint.
I have noticed that if you pour your pre-workout in the bottle before turning it on, it leaves clumps stuck on the in walls. Other than that, no issues!

This thing is awesome!!

I love everything about this bottle shaker, super easy to use, less messy plus it’s easy to clean

100% recomendable llegó el producto en tiempo todo perfecto

Works just like they said it would

I don’t have much to say other than it’s easy to clean and leaves no clumps

Love this product. Well made . Dissolves my protein powder perfectly I’m thinking of buying another one.
Product quality: 10 out of 10.

Me resolvió la vida fitness y me ahorra tiempo de calidad a la hora de preparar mis batidas

Best blender bottle I have owned

Muy bueno

Perfect!!

Great product fast delivery.
Product quality: Excellent

Love it

Best thing I’ve bought on this app

Great quality and as described

Works great. I bought this one for my grandson.

So far so good! This has made my pre and post workout routine so much easier!
Product quality: Appears to be well made, time will tell on the quality of the motorized mixer.

Haven’t found anything that I don’t like about yet!!

Mixes well

Excellent. Love it. Takes the lumps out when I shake on my own

Works way better than I thought. Only takes a minute to make my protein shakes smoother than water.

Where has this been. We love it.

Had it for about 1 month still going strong

Works great

Worth ever penny!

Husband very satisfied with shaker and blends his shake well!

Amazing

Product quality: Good
As described been using for a whole now still on the 1st charge.

Works fantastic!

I do like it! I have only used a few times but it does work great for protein shakes powder!

Shipped fast. Looked just like the picture.  Tested the bottle just like I seen in the videos and works perfectly.  I love the bottle so much I bought three more.

Amazing

Amazing

This thing works absolutely great. I love it. I have one for home and one for work

So far great

For a true gymrat this comes in handy and works efficiently I cannot complain!

Works as advertised....no issues

No issues with this.. works as advertised

I love it. I use it every morning with my Kiala Greens, my creatine and my protein powder.

This is so helpful. Mixes so well. I will but another. It's so convenient.  I added so many things. Blended right up!
Product quality: Ten outta Ten!

This protein blender is unmatched works better than blend jet 2 pos! N I bought  2 of them especially for that price. Keep making more! I need the whole effing collection!

Great item, works wonderfully

Great product

Works great. Very convenient.

Works great for simple, small smoothies, comes with an 8 oz clear plastic measuring insert that’s handy, fast charging

Definitely will be buying another!!

Love it is awesome..

Best gift for my mother 🎊

My son received this for Xmas and absolutely loves it!

Works awesome. Does exactly what it says it does

Works great 👍🏻 mixes well

I like it

Loved it but came late

Great gift hubby loved it

I LOVE this. Where has this been all my life?

Exactly as advertised

Fantastic love it 😀

Very nice used it already love it thank you 😊

I love this cordless power shaker. It's very powerful. I can make thick protein shakes, coffee,  I even use it to scramble eggs. But I haven't used hot liquids like hot chocolate,  yet. I recommend VOLTRX . And I like to help promote it. It's turns 6 eggs like nothing.

Great product

Mixed so well and easy to clean

Tiktok don’t miss! I use this thing three times a day. Rechargeable with great battery life. No more wasted protein powder. Does a great time blending for a smooth clump less shake!

Very great gift!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Love this it works great! Even my 2 year old can operate it! She loves it more than me lol

The best thing on the TikTok shop

Good Business

they are cute haven’t used it yet but i will tomorrow

Better than I expected. Thank you!

Cutsie, does its job,  is good if you want protein shake on the go

Super

Love it more powerful then I thought it would be long lasting charge to

Muy bueno

This changed the game for me.  Had some protein powder that was a pain to mix and a pain to clean.  This makes it so easy.

Well made and durable

Great love it

Fully mixes. Purchased to mix protein powder for daily protein shakes. Happy with purchase

Awesome and stylish bottle to use for anything. Have been using this bottle for about 3 weeks now and no complaints. Battery on blender lasts a very very long time!
Product quality: Very Durable and thick plastic. Screw-in seams on either end are tight and doesn’t leak at all.

One of the best purchases

Boyfriend loved this!  It gets used everyday! Every powerful

Love it

Perfecto a tiempo

This product is great! We use it mainly for gfuel, an energy hydration drink. Never have leftover powder!

Great product, i really like it

This is my favorite product! I use it everyday. It’s convenient, great quality and easy to clean. Highly recommend!

Love it!!! It has made drinking my protein shakes after my workout much easier plus I don’t forget to drink it since I’m exited to use my cup 😁

Very convenient! Love it for my protein shakes

Arrived as pictured and works great!

Works great

Love it great cup

Beats all the old shakers. No clumps ever! It's perfect!

Only reason I fave it 5 stars is because it wouldn't let.me.give 6

Works amazing!

I usually dont wright reviews until i have the product over two weeks but i was thoroughly impressed on how well ( right out the box ) the shaker blended my mix together.  Only thing that could make it better is there being a vent so the drink pours more easily.  GREAT PRODUCT.

this was worth every penny

Wife loved it!!

Love it price was right

It’s great

Amazing works to perfection 👍🏾💪🏾

Amazing cup

Good Business

Good Business

Awesome product, mixes it a hell of a lot better than the ones I have at home where I’ve got a shake. I actually use AG1, Collagen, BCAA, And it makes it perfectly

Product quality: It’s the best protein mixer ever.

Love it! Buying another one

I got the macron pink and love the color and fit perfect in my car cup holder for the ride to work. I used it for the first time this morning and it worked lovely to mix my protein up!

Works great would buy from again and my nephew loves it he said  every time we use it he thinks of the movie twister 😂❤️

lo recomiendo especialmente para aquellos que preparan su batido de proteínas, a mi me sirvió 100x100. recomendado totalmente gente 🫡

So far everything that they advertised and to be honest even better than expected

Good product

Great product for my son’s daily protein powder drink. Very efficient mixer and easy to clean . Portable and easy to slip into your suitcase when traveling out of town for travel ball tournaments. We use it every day and are very happy with it.

Product quality: Very well made very efficient i love my blender shaker

Love it so far!

Love it

Works like a charm I love it

Best shaker cup I've ever gotten

Awesome product

Love my cup!!! Can’t stop using it

Works awesome

Works awesome

I'm happy with the very fast delivery.  I just received  it and I haven't  tried it out. But overall  I received  I less than a week

Love love love 💕💕

I got to admit I was skeptical of this but have been really impressed.   It takes care of mixing my creatine and some others no problem.  Great to have on the go.

I use it everyday for pre workout and protein shakes.

Looks good, works well, and arrived quickly

Love it

Works as advertised

Christmas gift

Amazing mixes drinks correctly

Good

Works great, use it every morning with protein powder, easy to clean.

They get you with the taxes! BS!

Comes in so handy when I take pre workout before the gym and after when I take recovery. It mixes so well and quick and is very easy to wash. Great investment

Thinking about ordering another one for work but it gets the job done

Amazing definitely recommend buying, mixes really well.

It's good 👍

Great

Awsome

Great easy use

I’ve been stuck using this cup since I got it

Love it

works magic

Great

Love it!!!

Love it!!

Husband loves it. Said it was pretty cool that it blends his drink for him.

Its a cool glass. I like it.  mixes my power protein well

Use it daily

Recommend

Perfect

Love it mixes drinks really good

Awesome product 👍 thank you 👍

Good quality and very clean product!! Strong and fast! 100% recommend

Was impressed how it mixed

Love it

Originally purchased as a Christmas gift, but my niece's old shaker broke before Christmas, so she received and early gift. When she opened it she was like, "I've been looking at this!" Now she uses it daily.

Awesome product love it

My new favorite ❤️

Great product makes it easy to drink my protein and pre workout drinks.

Love it don’t have to use a shaker cup anymore. The voltrx mixes everything up great highly recommend you getting one.

High power, good capacity, usb-c chargeable, easily cleaned

The tornado effect is awesome! Love this bottle! Rechargeable and comes with the cord to recharge it.

I just got it today and it's amazing it's my 1st item purchase from tiktok shop and didn't disappoint i love it!

Bought two of them one for my gf one for me and i love them

Thing is awesome well worth the money

Great product! Highly recommend!

Product quality: Great

Exelente

Love this thing

Very good!

Awesome  I love it

Works awesome

I have shaker bottles, but not like this one! This bottle is awesome and definitely exceeds my expectations!

Holds a charge, mixes my Fairlife protien drink and my protien powder very well.

Wife Lov it

Great cup

Great product so far

Works really well and makes it easier to make protein coffee in the am when I’m in a rush

Actually gave in and finally got it and I really enjoy. Yes very easy to just shake but this makes it look cool and makes cool vids.

Came on time. Product works great. Can fit a 20oz bottle of water. And it looks nice. Had a lot of people ask me where I got it from! Great buy.

Loved the color and it works well with liquid based mixer

To be honest I wasn't sure about this but it's great and powerful it blends things really well and fully rechargeable I've used it several times and love it my wife steals it all the time so now I have to get her one lol

Absolutely amazing! Works perfect. Husband uses it for his protein shakes but we also used it for chocolate milk. Love it.

Love this

Works very well for protein shakes

Muy bueno

I love my blender bottle! I use it a few times a day. Mixes well, and the battery lasts a long time between charges.

Good mixer for the price and bring mobile is the best part 👌

Hermoso

It works great ! Serious vortex

I love it!!!

Love it

Love it! Makes making protein drinks on the go super easy

My Son LOVES this mixer. So I got him another one for Christmas

comp 💯

This blender bottle is awesome. I don’t know how I lived without it.

Es lo q esperava gracias

Love it

Love it

I love having this for my protein shakes. I actually bought two one for me and one for my daughter. It’s not high powered like my ninja blender but great when you have protein water and loaded teas.

Seems good, forgot it was a drink mixer .

This is the best water bottle I’ve ever gotten and it came in a week it mixes my drinks so good I would recommend

Love it so far.

Love it. Smooth noiseless.

Hey this works pretty good. I use it for whey powder, I can actually dump the full scoop in this cup without it getting all over the counter top. Its mix’s very well. Good product.

Súper practico es perfecto para la proteína si te tardas en tomarla lo prendes y queda perfecta,

Besides the wording on the bottle starting to fadeaway, this is by far the best shaker you will get

Awesome, just awesome. I don’t know what else to say. Must buy!!!!!!!!!

Would actually suck a cock for another on gd

It works great! Easy to clean and use.

Excellent product does what it is designed to do

Amazing cup I use it everyday for my creatine with amino acids or protein shake ! Does a great job of mixing it all together

Works amazing. Great buy.

100% recomendado.

Works amazingly and blends preworkout and protein easily I recommend you like cool gadgets like this that actually work how they say

Love it... and love the fact you turn it on... it goes for 1 min of mixing an turns off itself

Muy buena calidad, no tenia muchas espectativas pero en verdad me encanto, funciona muy bien y la calidad del vaso es muy buena

Great gift idea for my son!

Very high quality

Only used a few time but way better than expected. As long as it doesn’t stop working I love this!

This thing works awesome and is good quality! I even got 2 of my coworkers to buy one because they were so impressed with mine!!!

Excellent packaging and fast shipping!

True to color and works great

I got this for my 15 year old son who loves working out. I got it in the mail super fast!!

Love it great thing to have especially for my workout everyday my pre-workout is so easy to mix now thank you so much very great order

Thanks now leave me alone

Very nice. Works well

I love the color and it makes mixing stuff easy

Love this product

Perfecto

First ever shaker bottle. The mixing blades work VERY well for a smooth, clean mixture.

This cup is perfect. It's easy to clean and the charge lasts more than a week.

Does as described!

I love it

Exelente

Great product

I absolutely love it. My protein powder was completely mixed with nothing left on the bottom 😍

Bueno

Me encantó 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍

It’s the best shaker bottle ever! 😃

